[DOCS] Add instructions for creating runtime fields from Timeline (#2203)
elastic/security-docs: docs/reference/runtime-fields.asciidoc

[[runtime-fields]]

> == Create runtime fields in {elastic-sec}

Reviewer: what is `{elastic-sec}`?

Author: @stephmilovic It's a variable (called an "attribute" in Asciidoc) used for the name "Elastic Security." There are a few other attributes; they're always in curly brackets like this.

Runtime fields are fields that you can add to documents after you've ingested your data. For example, you could combine two fields and treat them as one, or perform calculations on existing data and use the result as a separate field. Runtime fields are evaluated when a query is run. 

> You can create a runtime field and add it to your detection alerts or events from any page that lists alerts or events in a data grid table, such as *Alerts*, *Timelines*, *Hosts*, and *Users*. Once created, the new field becomes available to all {elastic-sec} alerts and events.

Reviewer: I would maybe mention that the field gets added to the Security Solution data view and is applied to all alerts and events in the data view

Author: @stephmilovic Thanks, revised! I specified "added to the current data view" because in testing this out, I saw the new field gets added to whatever data view is currently selected on that page. In most cases this is the default Security data view (such as on the Alerts page where the user can't change the data view), but on other pages like Timeline it's possible to select a different data view. Also added a link to more detailed docs on data views in the Security app for more context.

> NOTE: Runtime fields can impact performance, because they're evaluated each time a query runs. Refer to {ref}/runtime.html[Runtime fields] for more information.

Reviewer 2: Not your fault, just a slight nit here. 
```suggestion
NOTE: Runtime fields can impact performance because they're evaluated each time a query runs. Refer to {ref}/runtime.html[Runtime fields] for more information.
```

To create a runtime field:

. Go to a page that lists alerts or events (for example, *Detect* -> *Alerts* or *Investigate* -> *Timelines* -> *_Name of Timeline_*).

> . Click the *Fields* toolbar button at the upper-left of the table. The *Fields* browser opens.

Reviewer 3: I removed "toolbar" because I don't think we normally reference that UI element in data grid tables. Though, maybe we _should_ start including that element when orienting users towards certain buttons above tables? Toolbars are common in modern web design and we have them in most of our data grid tables that have sorting/config options. Including it could lead to more verbose writing though. I'm also not convinced that our tables are so complex that users need extra help orienting themselves on the page or finding certain buttons along the top of the table. WDYT?

> . Click the *Fields* toolbar button at the upper-left of the table. The *Fields* browser opens.

Author: @nastasha-solomon I agree about "toolbar"; I don't see a strong need to include it, especially since the sentence also provides directional guidance on finding the button. But I don't see significant value in "_located_ at the upper-left" vs. "at the upper-left", as they're both clear directions. What was your thinking on that? IMO it feels kind of like "in order to" vs. "to."

> . Click the *Fields* toolbar button at the upper-left of the table. The *Fields* browser opens.

Reviewer 3: Ah, I see what you're saying and agree that it's not necessary. I guess I was expecting a verb after the comma when I read the sentence out loud.

> . Click the *Fields* toolbar button at the upper-left of the table. The *Fields* browser opens.

Author: @nastasha-solomon Yeah the comma changes things. I'd go without a comma, just omit "toolbar":
```suggestion
. Click the *Fields* button at the upper-left of the table. The *Fields* browser opens.
```

> . Click the *Fields* toolbar button at the upper-left of the table. The *Fields* browser opens.

Reviewer 2: Adding to the mix here. Small question -- "at the upper-left of the table" sounds a bit odd to me. Is `in the upper-left` or `in the table's upper-left` more grammatically correct since the button is technically inside the table?

Look at us pondering over these nits. 😆 I enjoy reading y'alls thoughts!

> . Click the *Fields* toolbar button at the upper-left of the table. The *Fields* browser opens.

Author: @jmikell821 I agree, the prepositional phrases in the original sound a little overly constructed. I think all those options are grammatically correct, but "in the table's upper-left" flows better and is most specific about the location.
```suggestion
. Click the *Fields* toolbar button in the table's upper-left. The *Fields* browser opens.
```

> . Go to a page that lists alerts or events (for example, *Detect* -> *Alerts* or *Investigate* -> *Timelines* -> *_Name of Timeline_*).

Reviewer 4: This example is using the old navigation hierarchy, **Detect** and **Investigate** groups do not exist anymore, **Alerts** and **Timelines** pages are at the top level now.

Author: Thanks @semd, great catch! Updated in a new commit.

. Turn on the *Set value* toggle and enter a {ref}/modules-scripting-painless.html[Painless script] to define the field's value. The script must match the selected *Type*. For more on adding fields and Painless scripting examples, refer to {kibana-ref}/managing-data-views.html#runtime-fields[Explore your data with runtime fields].

. Use the *Preview* to help you build the script so it returns the expected field value.

. Configure other field settings as needed. 
+
NOTE: Some runtime field settings, such as custom labels and display formats, display in other areas of {kib} but may not display in the {security-app}. 

. Click *Save*. The new field appears as a new column in the data grid.

[discrete]
[[manage-runtime-fields]]
=== Manage runtime fields

You can edit or delete existing runtime fields from the *Alerts*, *Timelines*, *Hosts*, and *Users* pages.

> . Click the *Fields* toolbar button to open the *Fields* browser, then search for the runtime field you want.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Click the *Fields* button to open the *Fields* browser, then search for the runtime field you want.
```
